homeworks/homework-1.rst, before:

##########
Homework 1
##########

:Author: Doug Stanley <dstanle@uakron.edu>
:Date: 1/24/2012
:Due Date: **1/31/2012**


Assignment
==========

For this assignment, take a look at the linux command cheat sheet I started:

    https://raw.github.com/dougstanley/unix-net-admin/master/cheat-sheet.rst

The commands I want you to document are: `ifconfig`, `ip`, `route`, `netstat`,
and `iptables`.

For each of the network related commands, do some research on your favorite
internet search engine. Look up `man` pages for each, and anything else you can
find. Then, for each command, write up the following:

1. Quick summary of the command. What it does, what it's for, etc.

2. Write some examples of some common uses of the command to show commonly used
   flags/options. Don't document *every* flag, just some common uses (hint: some
   man pages do exactly this, but don't copy/paste). Try to think of some
   situations you might actually need to use the command for, and figure out
   an example of it.

3. Every source you use, document it in a section with the heading
   **References**. Basically, just paste every url you use into a bulleted list
   in the references section (see syllabus for examples).

When documenting sources, if you use an actual man page (i.e. use the man 
command on a linux machine), just put a bullet with the man page you looked at.
For example:

* man ls

* man tcpdump

What to Submit
--------------

* A plain text file marked up with reStructuredText.

* Each command should have:

  * Quick summary

  * Minimum of 2 common use examples

* Your document should have a reference section with every url/source that you
  used listed.

Questions
---------

Any questions, comments, or concerns about this assignment, please email me
(dstanle@uakron.edu) or see me before or after class.


Submission
----------

Please submit your homework as a plain ASCII text file, preferably formatted
in reStructuredText markup (see syllabus for references to rst syntax). Please
**DO NOT** submit any microsoft word documents!! Plain ASCII text only (UTF8 
plain text is ok too)! If you're stuck with windows, the old notepad program
will work. There are many others as well.

To submit, upload your plain text file to the dropbox on springboard labeled for
this homework assignment.

Commit message:

Updated homework 1 assignment and syllabus

homeworks/homework-1.rst, after:

##########
Homework 1
##########

:Author: Doug Stanley <dstanle@uakron.edu>
:Date: 1/24/2012
:Updated On: 1/26/2012
:Due Date: **1/31/2012**


Assignment
==========

For this assignment, take a look at the linux command cheat sheet I started:

    https://raw.github.com/dougstanley/unix-net-admin/master/cheat-sheet.rst

The commands I want you to document are: `ifconfig`, `ip`, `route`, `netstat`,
and `iptables`.

For each of the network related commands, do some research on your favorite
internet search engine. Look up `man` pages for each, and anything else you can
find. Then, for each command, write up the following:

1. Quick summary of the command. What it does, what it's for, etc.

2. Write some examples of some common uses of the command to show commonly used
   flags/options. Don't document *every* flag, just some common uses (hint: some
   man pages do exactly this, but don't copy/paste). Try to think of some
   situations you might actually need to use the command for, and figure out
   an example of it. Also, please include a very brief description of what the
   command line example is supposed to do.

3. Every source you use, document it in a section with the heading
   **References**. Basically, just paste every url you use into a bulleted list
   in the references section (see syllabus for examples).

When documenting sources, if you use an actual man page (i.e. use the man 
command on a linux machine), just put a bullet with the man page you looked at.
For example:

* man ls

* man tcpdump

What to Submit
--------------

* A plain text file marked up with reStructuredText.

* Each command should have:

  * Quick summary

  * Minimum of 2 common use examples

* Your document should have a reference section with every url/source that you
  used listed.

Questions
---------

Any questions, comments, or concerns about this assignment, please email me
(dstanle@uakron.edu) or see me before or after class.


Submission
----------

Please submit your homework as a plain ASCII text file, preferably formatted
in reStructuredText markup (see syllabus for references to rst syntax). Please
**DO NOT** submit any microsoft word documents!! Plain ASCII text only (UTF8 
plain text is ok too)! If you're stuck with windows, the old notepad program
will work. There are many others as well.

To submit, upload your plain text file to the dropbox on springboard labeled for
this homework assignment.
